I think it's about time to show you what
I'm doing electric piano just a
prototype real housing so you might have
seen thump pianos in Africa they're kind
of cool
you've got metal tines attached to a bar
mounted on a box you can play music with
it so I'm just going to show you real
quickly the basics of what you need you
need an electrical grounding bar you can
get these at Home Depot you need metal
tines cut them off a ring also from
funding you probably should have a
dremel I needed that to cut the tines
off I'll probably need it for something
else
oh I'm done and you need a box a nice
wooden box
this is a whole song excellent for
cutting sound holes down to attach the
ground
I'm fitting up sometimes
grounding bar attached sound hole board
is in place